Hi, my name is Steph Hazlitt, and I'm here to share with you three reasons why I hope
you will join me at the Big Data with Arrow in R workshop at PositConf this coming September.
My first reason, doing data analysis on bigger and bigger data is becoming commonplace for
many data professionals, and I think that it is fair to say that our data is only going
to get bigger.
In the Big Data with Arrow in R workshop, you will learn how to wrangle your very large
data, even when that data is so large it won't fit on the memory of your computer.
This will feel like a superpower.
My second reason, you will learn to wrangle your too-large-for-memory data on your computer
without having to learn a new programming language or even new R syntax.
You'll be introduced to Apache Arrow, which is a toolkit designed for efficient in-memory
data analysis on our large data.
And the Arrow for R package is built with a dplyr backend, so you'll be wrangling this
large data on your laptop with familiar to you dplyr and base R syntax.
My third reason, along the way while we are learning these things, you will pick up many
data engineering tips and tricks that will definitely save you time and friction when
you're building out your data workflows using R, and especially when you're building those
data workflows with growing or already very large datasets.
And I'm going to throw in a bonus reason for joining me at the Big Data with Arrow
in R workshop, and that is I'll be co-instructing with Nick Crane.
This is Nick.
Not only is Nick an R educator, Nick is currently one of the core developers and maintainers
of the Arrow for R package, so we will have an expert in the room with us.
So if you are ready to tackle those two big datasets in your life with Arrow using R,
please join Nick and I at the PositConf 2023 in Chicago.